A large part of my contribution to the project was as a technical supervisor. I managed pushes to the github, 
handled several merge conflicts, and bug fixed and refined several other people's contributions, as well as
restructuring them to work together for the game.

I also was the primary person in charge of managing our primary Scene. I set up positioning, tested spawn locations,
handled setup for the killbox, and helped manage object layers.

My primary coding contribution was the Entity Spawn Manager. This class handles all spawning objects from coins to
hazards by connecting Generators to each objects respective Manager, then all together to the Entity Spawn Manager.
	- Generators are objects containing the base spawning and behavior functionality of each entity spawned
	  into the game. These were mostly created by other programmers, only modified by me to fit the system or
	  to fix errors.

	- Each Generator has a corresponding Manager. The Manager's job is to standardize the spawning methods,
	  and to provide a quicker way to find relevant Serialized parameters for spawning purposes. Each Manager
	  is then provided to the Entity Spawn Manager. This separation also acts a security layer, allowing the base
	  generator to be edited or changed freely without necessarily affecting the Managers.

	- The Entity Spawn Manager has delays for each relevant object to allow for easy changes to the spawn timing
	  for each entity. It runs several simultaneous timers and instatiates each entity at the relevant time, also
	  handling randomness within the spawns for variety.

Another personal contribution, similar to above, was the code for handling the background scrolling. I set up the
system responsible for cycling the background to destroy and replace it as it passes the kill box.

Finally, I finished and connected the Scientist system to have them spawn in and animate properly when responding to
the player flying. I also made them spawn in packs of a random number, with random distance between them, to make it
add to the realistic feel of finding groups of people.